c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\eLargesse.dll.config
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\eLargesse.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\eLargesse.pdb
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\obj\Debug\eLargesse.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\obj\Debug\eLargesse.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\obj\Debug\eLargesse.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\GoogleMaps.LocationServices.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\PayPalCoreSDK.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\PayPalMerchantSDK.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\PayPalMerchantSDK.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\MailChimp.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\GeoCoordinatePortable.dll
C:\Users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\GeoCoordinatePortable.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\GeoCoordinatePortable.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.pdb
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.xml
C:\Users\stuart\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eLargesse\eLargesse\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
